# PayStation-for-Parking
In this homework you will have the opportunity to create a system involving several interacting objects.  In addition, you'll get some practice using conditional statements.  The system consists of six classes:    ExitGate.java RateUtil.java PayStation.java TimeClock.java ParkingCard.java CardDispenser.java   You will be implementing four of the six classes: TimeClock and ParkingCard are already implemented for you and should not be modified.    The system is a model of the payment system for the ISU Memorial Union parking garage.  Here is the scenario:    When you enter the garage, you take a parking card from a card dispenser.  The card includes a magnetic stripe that can store a small amount of information.  The dispenser sets the card with a timestamp based on its internal clock.  When you are ready to leave the MU, you stop at a pay station and insert your card.  The machine displays a payment amount that depends on how long you have been parked, based on the machine's internal clock and the timestamp recorded on the card.  The amount due is calculated using a rate calculator that contains an algorithm based on current parking rates.  You can observe the amount due when looking at the machine.  You make the payment (e.g. with a credit card) and then eject the card from the machine.  The card is now modified to have one more piece of information: a second timestamp indicating when you made the payment.  You now have 15 minutes to get to your car and exit the garage.  When you leave the garage, you insert the card into an exit gate.  If the exit gate determines (using its internal clock) that it has been 15 minutes or less from the time you made payment, then the gate goes up and you exit the garage.  Otherwise, you have to go back to the payment machine and pay some more.    In describing the scenario, the primary nouns in the description (in bold) become the objects in our design, and the actions on those objects (in italics) become methods.  The section below specifies the types and methods in detail. 
